finding the maximum clique in a given DIMACS-format graph using branch and 
bound algorithm. Here is a brief explanation of the different parts of the 
script:

The read_dimacs_graph() function reads in the graph from the specified 
DIMACS-format file and returns it as a networkx graph object.

The greedy_clique_heuristic() function implements a greedy search 
algorithm for finding a clique, starting with the node of highest degree 
and iteratively adding its neighbors to the clique. This function is used 
as an initial heuristic to find a lower bound on the maximum clique size.

The greedy_coloring_heuristic() function implements a greedy graph 
coloring algorithm with a degree order rule. It returns the number of 
colors used to color the graph. This function is used to find an upper 
bound on the maximum clique size.

The bronk() function implements the Bron-Kerbosch algorithm, a recursive 
algorithm for finding all maximal cliques in a graph. It takes in a graph, 
a set P of potential nodes to add to the current clique, a set R of nodes 
already in the current clique, and a set X of nodes already excluded from 
the current clique. It returns a generator object that generates all 
maximal cliques in the graph.

The branching() function takes in a graph and the current maximum clique 
size found so far, and returns two smaller graphs obtained by removing 
nodes from the original graph. The removed nodes are chosen according to a 
branching strategy that is based on the node degrees.

The bb_maximum_clique() function implements the branch and bound algorithm 
for finding the maximum clique in a graph. It uses the Bron-Kerbosch 
algorithm to find all maximal cliques, and prunes the search tree using 
the lower and upper bounds obtained from the greedy clique and coloring 
heuristics. The function returns the maximum clique found.

The TimeoutException exception is raised when the execution time of the 
algorithm exceeds the specified time limit.

The arguments() function parses command line arguments and returns an 
argparse object.

The script also includes a timing() decorator and a time_limit() context 
manager for measuring the execution time of the algorithm and enforcing a 
time limit on the execution, respectively.
